# flask-repo

This repository has files which have been used to list out the contents of S3 bucket under the name of employee-id in the ap-south-1 region. This task has been accomplished creating a flask app using the boto3 library to access the contents of S3 bucket in AWS and list them. This has been delpoyed in the EC2 instance. In order to check this page first the EC2 instance has to be initiated and the app.py file which has been stored in it had to be run. Later the page can be opened under the link public_url:8085/storage.First an EC2 instance has been created under the type t2.micro with security group having custom TCP with port 8085 included in the inbound rules as mentioned in the assignment. After initiating the EC2 instance connection is made to the instance by selecting the connect option in the GUI. After the connection to instance is made then update is to be done using sudo apt-get update command. After that all the requirements like python3, awscli, flask, boto3 are installed using sudo command, for example like sudo apt-get install python3. Later using aws configure command access_id, secret_access_key and the region in which s3 bucket and instance are created are entered and configuration of aws is done. Access_id, secret_access_key can be found in the dashboard under my security credentials section. Later the scripts for the flask have been written and saved in the instance under the names app.py and s3_demo.py, where s3_demo has the function to list the contents of a bucket using the boto3 library. s3_demo script has been imported to app.py and the function declared init has been used.  The template that has to be rendered to list out the contents in the bucket has been saved under the name storage3.html.
